New plugin added (#184)
Hecter94/EndlessSky-PluginArchive: res/pluginlist/Atlanteans.txt

author=TheSilverStone
website=https://github.com/TheSilverStone/Atlanteans

> directlink=https://github.com/TheSilverStone/Atlanteans/archive/refs/tags/v0.25.zip

Reviewer: ```suggestion
directlink=https://github.com/TheSilverStone/Atlanteans/archive/refs/heads/atlanteans.zip
```

category=Races
status=In Progress

> description=Adds a new T race, the Atlanteans, who came from Earth when Atlantis sank.

Reviewer: Oops.
```suggestion
description=Adds a new T2.3 race, the Atlanteans, who came from Earth when Atlantis sank.
```
